Update sma.markdown (#31792)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/sma.markdown

The SMA Solar integration will poll a [SMA](http://www.sma-solar.com/) [(US)](https://www.sma-america.com/) solar inverter, energy meter or battery inverter and present the values as sensors in Home Assistant.

{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

> ## Supported Devices
> Not all inverters, energy meters and batteries from SMA are supported.
> 
> The integration uses the web interface (called webconnect) of the device. Before you start, make sure you are able to connect to the solar inverter from your favorite web browser. Devices with the ennexos operating system (e.g. Tripower X series) and all Energy Meters (SMA Energy Meter and SMA Sunny Home Manager)  are not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Supported Devices

Not all inverters, energy meters and batteries from SMA are supported.

The integration uses the device's web interface (called webconnect). Before you start, make sure you are able to connect to the solar inverter from your favorite web browser. Devices with the ennexos operating system (like the Tripower X series) and all Energy Meters (SMA Energy Meter and SMA Sunny Home Manager) are not supported.
```

The SMA Solar integration will poll a [SMA](http://www.sma-solar.com/) [(US)](https://www.sma-america.com/) solar inverter, energy meter or battery inverter and present the values as sensors in Home Assistant.

{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}
## Supported Devices
Not all inverters, energy meters and batteries from SMA are supported.

> The integration uses the web interface (called webconnect) of the device. Before you start, make sure you are able to connect to the solar inverter from your favorite web browser. Devices with the ennexos operating system (e.g. Tripower X series) are not supported. Alternatives for accessing these data are Modbus or [Sunspec](https://github.com/CJNE/ha-sunspec).

Reviewer: We can not recommend or list custom integrations. We don't support or recommend using them.

> For the SMA Energy Meter and SMA Sunny Home Manager please you the [Home Assistant SMA Add-On](https://github.com/kellerza/hassio-sma-em) 

Reviewer: Same for third-party add-ons. Please remove these occurances.
